Starting New features for Telco Core 413 RN (#57258)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

For more information about assigning IP addresses from an IP address pool to services and namespaces, see xref:../networking/metallb/metallb-configure-address-pools.adoc#nw-metallb-configure-address-pool_configure-metallb-address-pools[Configuring MetalLB address pools].

[id="ocp-4-13-supporting-ocp-nodes-with-dual-port-nics"]
==== Supporting {product-title} installation on nodes with dual-port NICs (Technology Preview)

With this update, {product-title} cluster can be deployed on a bond interface with 2 virtual function (VFs) on 2 physical functions (PFs) using the following methods:

* Agent-based installer
* Installer-provisioned infrastructure installation
* User-provisioned infrastructure installation

> For more information about installing {product-title} on nodes with dual-port NICs, see xref:../installing/installing_bare_metal/preparing-to-install-on-bare-metal.html#nw-sriov-dual-nic-con_preparing-to-install-on-bare-metal[NIC partitioning for SR-IOV devices].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about installing {product-title} on nodes with dual-port NICs, see xref:../installing/installing_bare_metal/preparing-to-install-on-bare-metal.adoc#nw-sriov-dual-nic-con_preparing-to-install-on-bare-metal[NIC partitioning for SR-IOV devices].
```
@kquinn1204 Sorry man. This one got by me the last time.

Author: Sorry my bad I should have noticed that @mjpytlak hopefully ok now

[id="ocp-4-13-machine-config-operator-layering"]
==== Support for adding third party and custom content to {op-system}

You can now use {op-system-first} image layering to add {op-system-base-full} and third-party packages to cluster nodes.

For more information, see  xref:../post_installation_configuration/coreos-layering.adoc#coreos-layering[{op-system-first} image layering].

[id="ocp-4-13-machine-config-operator-core"]
==== Support for setting the `core` user password

> You can now create a password for the {op-system} `core` user. In the event that you cannot use SSH or the `oc debug node` command to access a node, this password allows you to use the `core` user to access the node through a cloud provider serial console or a bare metal baseboard controller manager (BMC).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now create a password for the {op-system} `core` user. If you cannot use SSH or the `oc debug node` command to access a node, this password allows you to use the `core` user to access the node through a cloud provider serial console or a bare metal baseboard controller manager (BMC).
```
See the IBMSG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#i

Author: I will update but to be honest this is not content I created.

For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-numa-aware-scheduling.adoc#cnf-about-numa-aware-scheduling_numa-aware[Scheduling NUMA-aware workloads].

[id="ocp-4-13-configuring-power-states-using-ztp"]
==== Configuring power states using zero touch provisioning (ZTP)

{product-title} 4.12 introduced the ability to set power states for critical and non-critical workloads. This release now enables the user to configure power states by using ZTP.

> For more information about the feature, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-advanced-policy-config.html#ztp-using-pgt-to-configure-power-saving-states_ztp-advanced-policy-config[Configuring power states using PolicyGenTemplates CRs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the feature, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-advanced-policy-config.adoc#ztp-using-pgt-to-configure-power-saving-states_ztp-advanced-policy-config[Configuring power states using PolicyGenTemplates CRs].
```

For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-numa-aware-scheduling.adoc#cnf-about-numa-aware-scheduling_numa-aware[Scheduling NUMA-aware workloads].

[id="ocp-4-13-configuring-power-states-using-ztp"]
==== Configuring power states using zero touch provisioning (ZTP)

> {product-title} {product-version} introduces the ability to configure using zero touch provisioning (ZTP) the various power state configurations for critical and non-critical workloads.

Reviewer 3: Please reword this to indicate that OCP 4.12 had introduced the ability to set power states for critical and non-critical workloads. This release now enables the user to configure power states using ZTP.

> {product-title} {product-version} introduces the ability to configure using zero touch provisioning (ZTP) the various power state configurations for critical and non-critical workloads.

Author: Resolved by comment below
